docs: add Points of Interest Site Selection example (#1017)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/examples/poi-site-selection-dashboard.mdx

---
id: poi-site-selection-dashboard
title: Points of Interest Site Selection
sidebar_label: Points of Interest Site Selection
sidebar_position: 11
---

This example builds an interactive site selection dashboard that answers: **"What amenities and income levels surround a given address within a certain travel time?"**

We'll chain together multiple UDFs on a [Canvas](/workbench/udf-builder/canvas) to geocode an address, compute a travel-time boundary (isochrone), pull Points of Interest from [Overture Maps](https://overturemaps.org/) and median income from the [US Census](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs), aggregate everything into H3 hexagons, and display the results on a map with interactive [Widgets](/guide/data-input-outputs/import-connection/widgets).

> [![POI Site Selection Dashboard](/img/tutorials/poi-dashboard/dashboard_hero.gif)](https://unstable.fused.io/workbench/max/Dashboard_Overture_Census_Isochrone)

Reviewer: Video at the top here is nice, but a few things:
- The left side is distracting with the widget code, so you can use the embeded link to have it more "full screen": https://unstable.fused.io/canvas/fc_4fUqKOCoKL0gIX4YwgCk7z?embed=true&outline=false&bounds=13727%2C2418%2C14851%2C5360

- There's a lot of waiting around for the dat to load, so you could pre-run the demo to cache the data (see how I did it here in this Loom: https://www.loom.com/share/638ec93c24634df3806fda8a7a0c9c15?t=124)

That way the GIF is focused just on that the data moving!

```

```json showLineNumbers
{"type": "big-number", "props": {"sql": "SELECT ROUND(PERCENTILE_CONT(0.5) WITHIN GROUP (ORDER BY median_income_12_months) / 1000) FROM {{merge_poi_census_data}}", "label": "Median Average Income (thousand USD)"}}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Bar chart widget (output)</summary>

```json showLineNumbers
{"type": "bar-chart", "props": {"sql": "SELECT income_bin as label, count as value FROM {{chart_data_income}}", "title": "Distribution of Median Income"}}
```

</details>

### Live map preview

Interact with the POI map below — hexagons are colored by POI density, with the isochrone boundary and geocoded point overlaid. [Try it out](https://unstable.fused.io/workbench/max/Dashboard_Overture_Census_Isochrone) ->

<iframe
  src="https://unstable.udf.ai/fc_4fUqKOCoKL0gIX4YwgCk7z/selected_poi_map.html"
  width="100%"
  height="500px"
  style={{border: 'none'}}
  title="POI Site Selection Map"
/>

## Performance

- **First run** (~30s): all UDFs execute end-to-end — geocoding, isochrone calculation, Overture queries, Census overlay, and hex aggregation

> - **Subsequent runs with the same inputs** (near-instant): results are served from [`fused.cache`](/guide/working-with-udfs/udf-best-practices/caching/) so the dashboard loads immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subsequent runs with the same inputs** (near-instant): Runs with pre-executed parameters are [cached](/guide/working-with-udfs/udf-best-practices/caching) so the dashboard loads immediately
```
